Hey everyone...
Welcome back to Movie Recap.
Today I'm gonna show you a movie called,
The Invisible Man.
It is a 2020American science fiction horror film
written and directed by Leigh Whannell and starring Elisabeth Moss.
The movie is about a woman whobelieves she is being stalked
and gaslit by her abusive and wealthyhusband,
even after his apparent suicide and ultimately deduces
that he hasacquired the ability to become invisible.
Let s start!
Trapped in an abusive relationship with her fiendish and violent husband,
an optics scientist named Adrian Griffin,
CeciliaKass escapes from him in the dead of night
with the help of her sister Emily.
Cecilia has druggedAdrian with Diazepam but as she escapes,
Cecilia frees their dog which sets off the car's alarm
andwakes up a furious Adrian who pursues her.
As she escapes with Emily,
Cecilia leaves the drug bottlebehind which Adrian finds lying in the road.
Two weeks later,
Cecilia lives in hidingat the household of her best friend,
James Lanier and his teenage daughter, Sydney.
Remaining a recluse who is afraid of leaving the house,
Cecilia freaks out when Emily comes tovisit,
believing Adrian will try to harm her.
However, Emily shares the news that Adrian committed suicide.
His brother Tom bequeaths to Cecilia his late brother's fortune
and estatewhich Cecilia only accepts
to fund Sydney's college tuition and James' household.
However,Cecilia is filled with an uneasy feeling
that she is being watched and in the night,
is stalkedby an unseen force which only she recognizes.
In the middle of the night,
while asleep nextto Sydney,
the comforter is slowly pulled off and several flashes of light are seen.
Ceciliawakes up and is suspicious about the blankets
at the foot of the bed.
When she tries to takethem back, they won't move.
Her reaction wakes up both Sydney and James
but she's unableto explain what she thinks she'd seen.
Cecilia goes to a job interview for an architect's position.
When she opens her portfolio to show herwork,
Cecilia finds it gone and faints.
After going to the hospital,
Ceciliadiscovers that she was drugged.
Upon returning home she receives a callfrom the doctor
telling her she had enough Diazepam in her system
to constitute a mildoverdose that caused her fainting spell.
She suddenly finds the bottle of Diazepam Adrian had uncovered.
Feeling unsafe,
Cecilia visits Emily who is angry and despondent to her,
havingreceived a hateful email from Cecilia's account.
Cecilia looks on her email,
discovers thesent message and has an emotional breakdown.
Sydney tries to cheer her up
but is assaulted byan unseen force,
causing Sydney to freak out and believe Cecilia did it.
James then decides totake Sydney out of the house to a safer place.
Meanwhile,
Cecilia investigates the house and finds her work
in the attic crawl space as well asa large kitchen knife of James'
and several photos of her asleep whichhave been taken by an unseen stalker.
Realizing she is not alone,
Ceciliadumps a bucket of paint on the ladder
when she senses movement and uncovers aman's shape wearing some kind of suit.
The man flees and washes off thepaint before Cecilia exits the attic.
The two fight until Cecilia breaks freefrom his grasp and escapes the house,
getting into a Lyft car she has called.
Cecilia has the driver bring her to Adrian's.
Upon entering her husband's house and sneakinginto his laboratory,
Cecilia discovers a high-tech suit he was working on that could make himinvisible.
Cecilia takes this suit and hides it but is attacked by the Invisible Man
until her dogreturns and intervenes, buying her time to escape.
Cecilia sets up a meeting with Emily at arestaurant
and apologizes while also explaining that she loves her.
Emily's skepticism starts tomelt as they begin to
bond and Cecilia explains that she found an invisible suit at Adrian'slab.
Suddenly, a large knife is dragged across Emily's throat killing her.
The knife is placedin Cecilia's hand,
who is then arrested and moved to a sanitarium.
Now doubting her own sanity andfinding out
she is pregnant with Adrian's child,
Cecilia gives in but is then confronted by Tom
whoexplains he was working with his brother the whole time.
Tom says that she will lose the fortune
and be admitted permanently to this institution
unless she returns to Adrian with his child.
Cecilia refuses, still enraged that he killed her sister.
Tom leaves butnot before Cecilia steals one of his pens.
In her room,
Cecilia prepares to kill herself
byslashing her wrist with the pen but the invisible man stops her.
Having pulled him out of hidingby using herself as bait,
Cecilia stabs him with the pen twice,
causing his suit to glitchand for him to appear and disappear at random.
A security guard enters to stop her
but is stunnedby the glitching figure who beats him down.
Cecilia rushes out into the hall
and is stopped byseveral security guards who also see the glitching figure.
The Invisible Man easily overpowers thembefore escaping into the stormy night.
Cecilia tracks him down but he overpowers her
and tellsher that he will now set his sights on Sydney.
Cecilia warns James of the danger
and herushes home to see an unseen figure attacking his daughter.
James tries to intervene but isbeaten horribly in front of a terrified Sydney.
Cecilia breaks in and sprays thefigure with a fire extinguisher,
revealing his shape before unloading on himwith a fallen officer's pistol.
The Invisible Man falls to the floor and dies of his wounds.
Cecilia unmasks The Invisible Man,
revealing him to be Tom.
Adrian is found tied and walled upin his house
when a SWAT team storms his place.
James explains that the evidence suggests
that Tom used his brother to get at Cecilia
but she is still convinced that Adrianand Tom were working together
and that in case the worst happened,
Adrian setit up that Tom would take the fall.
Still stressed from the series of events,
Ceciliacalls Adrian and agrees to meet him for dinner.
Cecilia is wearing a listening device hopingto find a way
to get a confession out of him with the help of James,
who is positioned outsidethe property.
Cecilia asks him if he was stalking her
but Adrian denies it at first but laterimplies
that he was indeed preying upon her.
As Cecilia excuses herself to the bathroom,
Adrian begins to realize something else
is up when suddenly his head is jerked back and histhroat is slashed.
Adrian collapses to the ground, bleeding to death.
Cecilia enters the roomand appears shocked before calling the police,
reporting an apparent suicide in a panicky tone.
Cecilia then gloats over Adrian's dying body
and implies that she did this using his invisiblesuit.
James rushes in and finds Cecilia escaping
with Adrian's suit and dog.
Upon discovering thatshe set this up with the plan of murdering him,
James lets her go nonetheless.
Cecilia leaves into the night,
perhaps with the plan of stealing herhusband's work for her own future benefit.
Thanks for watching...
Seeyou in another Movie Recap.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE,
and clickthe bell icon to get new video updates...
Have a nice day !